Add hooks documentation (#3180)
gruntwork-io/docs: docs/2.0/docs/pipelines/guides/hooks/slack-deploy-notification.md

> # Example: Slack Deploy Notification

Reviewer: Should this live in the Tutorials section instead?

Author: Moved to tutorials

This example posts a message to Slack after a deploy (`apply`), so your team is notified when infrastructure changes are rolled out. It uses `run_on_error` so a notification is sent whether the apply succeeds or fails, and it fetches the Slack webhook URL from AWS SSM Parameter Store using the credentials from the hook's [`authentication`](/2.0/docs/pipelines/guides/hooks/authentication) block.

Before you start, make sure hooks are set up for your repository (see [Setup & Prerequisites](/2.0/docs/pipelines/guides/hooks/setup)).

## 1. Decide where to store the secret

> Pipelines does not store secrets for you (see [Authentication & Secrets](/2.0/docs/pipelines/guides/hooks/authentication)). As the hook author, you decide where the webhook URL lives and how the hook retrieves it. This example keeps it in AWS SSM Parameter Store and gives the hook an IAM role that can read it. The same approach works with any secret store the hook's identity can reach, such as AWS Secrets Manager, Azure Key Vault, or GCP Secret Manager.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Pipelines does not store secrets for you (see [Authentication & Secrets](/2.0/docs/pipelines/guides/hooks/authentication)). As the hook author, you decide where the webhook URL is stored and how the hook retrieves it. This example stores it in AWS SSM Parameter Store and gives the hook an IAM role that can read it. The same approach works with any secret store that the hook's identity can reach, such as AWS Secrets Manager, Azure Key Vault, or GCP Secret Manager.
```
